there are literally thousands of
imperfect choices for mechanical
keyboards out there and you can
customize them a little add some o-rings
here change some key caps there Luke
actually did a guy welcome to the
ultimate mechanical keyboard guy but
unless you have the know-how to actually
build one yourself you're at the mercy
of those that do or are you what if I
told you it didn't have to be like that
what if I told you that there are more
options out there than you might have
realized what if I told you that today's
video is brought to you by I fix it
I fix it's Pro Tech tool kit gives you
the tools you need to tackle any
electronics repair challenge visit
ifixit.com forward slash line is at the
link below and get yours today do you
want to keep or use any switches that
you like it could be all right so let's
go over what we set out to accomplish
here because when Anthony first came to
me with this idea he had like these
grand visions of programming
microcontrollers and soldering diodes
using 3d printed or laser-cut chassis
and a bunch of other things that are
really cool but this is our first rodeo
so we decided to focus on getting one
working first so with that in mind then
we narrowed our search to parts that can
bolt together relatively easily meaning
though that we can expect to pay a
premium looking at what's available
there's a lot of ten keyless components
out there but then even more options for
the smaller and simpler 60% layout so we
settled on that starting at mechanical
keyboards comm for some essential
supplies Cherry MX brown RGB key
switches three choices of beautiful
anodized aluminum cases to put
everything into and then a selection of
Springs that we can use to actually
customize the feel of our switches so
this way we could make the caps lock key
or the function key more difficult to
press accidentally and then we could
even reduce the actuation force of keys
like lwas
or even the whole alphanumeric set to
improve our speed while maintaining that
satisfying tactile bump of the Cherry MX
brown like the beauty here whoop is that
the sky's the limit for customizability
but while it's really fun to play around
with a bag full of cherry MX is a
chassis and a bag of key switches a
keyboard does not make so we are going
to need to wire them up now some folks
do this manually but a PCB preferably
one that is well documented is much
easier not to mention a lot tinier now
there are lots of options out there but
for our project we turned to banggood
where we found not only this nice wooden
case actually this thing's really nice
and wrist rest but also Satan no
seriously
we found the satan GH 60 a fully
programmable keyboard PCB that seems to
check all the essential boxes
it's got macro support and RGB variant
and it is widely used in the DIY
community as a budget option so with the
power of satan and a plate to go over it
we started to write I said no soldering
for this video so we just really wanted
to make that Satan joke so maybe we'll
do a follow up later with the Dark
Prince G h-60 anyway after some more
digging for a plug-and-play option we
found this on a store called kbd fans
the geek customized GK 64 from semi tech
this PCB is pre-built with hot swap
terminals so not only will we not need
to solder anything ourselves we can much
more easily pull our key switches if you
want to adjust the springs or replace
them altogether and it gets bonus points
for using a detachable USB type-c
connection and having multiple RGB modes
including check this out you guys this
lit AF sound activated mode courtesy of
a little microphone built into the
keyboard before you ask that microphone
can't be used for sound input
and for good reason I mean imagine your
clanmates
if you put your headset microphone right
next to your cheerio next blues right
anyway so while we were talking to way
over at KBT fans we also requested his
stylish Tina chassis a full set of key
caps and stabilizers and another plate
to fit our GK 64 which finally completes
then our component checklist oh and we
also got these which I caught Anthony
working on and he assured me was
productive but I will let you guys be
the judge all this left now is to put it
together and see how well it works
um okay so let's assemble this thing so
we start with what screwing down the PCB
yes that was relatively straightforward
so spacebar where's the hole I can't do
this so that seems to go on that way
mm-hmm what'd they do that on the doodad
cool this is fun all good in hood but it
doesn't even sit like evenly like it's
bowed up in the middle so you're sure it
wouldn't be faster to clip these into
here and then put the whole thing down
hmm
yeah it's probably better to do that
okay wait but there's to know there's
some wiggle room yeah exactly
yeah yeah here let's grab let's grab the
stiffer one for the spacebar yeah like a
much stiffer one okay where's 100-meter
grams cool oh okay cool yeah let's try
it oh wow it's like it's like yeah it
feels like it's pushing you away from
the table okay progress let's do a quick
light up test hey not bad huh all right
so now we can put all the key caps on
all these aren't labeled are they well
backspace isn't working
oh is it working how concerned out of
ten should be beyond that about that
here we go and that is one vent a spin
right there vent right over yeah I would
recommend buying some extras if you're
gonna undertake a project like this so
everything is tested all in all I'd say
that 60% it's gonna take some getting
used to you got a super short shift over
here your delete key is way down here
you don't have function keys obviously
but overall pretty pleased with the with
the end product here it's compact its
programmable it's super portable we
don't have the ability to RGB sync it
with you know Asus IRA or Razer synapse
or anything but we could change out its
case anytime we wanted we can make
adjustments to the force of the
individual keys I mean it's fantastic so
you might be sitting there thinking gee
that sounds great like this does that
mean I should do it too well that really
depends on how much you value your time
and how much you value your money not
only did this involve about an hour's
worth of work not counting all the
researcher finding all the parts and
ordering them our bulk together approach
means that our total
topped 350 US dollars before shipping
ore taxes I mean many people already
bulk at the idea of a hundred dollar
keyboard so this is clearly a deep
rabbit hole for the amateur the more
adventurous among us could salvage from
old keyboards or even build or 3d print
their own cases but there will always be
caveats no matter who you are you won't
get a warranty by going totally custom
so if you care about that so in the end
then while this may not be hands-down
the best mechanical keyboard ever
certainly not for the price nor was it
quite as down and dirty DIY as it could
have been its uniquely ours and for some
people that's gonna be worth it so let
us know would you build your own
keyboard in the comments below and let
us know if you'd like to see more DIY
keyboard stuff in the future maybe next
time I'll even let Anthony at the
soldering iron blue apron is perfect for
those of you out there trying to keep to
your New Year's resolutions especially
if they were eating healthier and
cooking at home blue apron allows you to
create delicious chef inspired recipes
at home by delivering all the farm-fresh
ingredients you need right to your
doorstep in exactly the right
proportions no waste and no trips to the
grocery store they offer two types of
plans the two-person plan and the family
plan and there are eight recipes to
choose from each week now instead of six
so you can pick any combination you'd
like and they're always adding new
dishes to the menu blue apron recipes
are delivered in a refrigerated box so
the ingredients will stay fresh even if
you're not at home and they ship to most
of the USA there's no commitment you can
skip or cancel the service at any time
and prices starting as low as $8.99 per
serving check it out at the link in the
video description and the first 100
people to sign up will get 30 bucks off
their first blue apron order so thanks
for watching guys if this video sucked
do you know what to do but if it was
awesome get subscribed hit that like
button or check out the link to where to
buy the stuff we featured in the video
described
also linked down there's our merch
storage has cool shirts like this one
and our community forum which you should
totally join three hundred and fifty
bucks this is expensive but like listen
to this thing chill man